/*
 * PARAMS.TXT
 *
 *     Date:  24 November 1991
 * Audience:  Citadel:K2NE Sysops and wannabes
 *  Purpose:  A description of each of the command-line paramaters
 *            usable with CTDL.EXE as distributed by K2NE Software
 *            in connection with the Citadel:K2NE Bulletin Board
 *            software.  Citadel:K2NE is a PUBLIC DOMAIN release.
 */

Parameter     Effect
--------------------
asdoor
              Tells Citadel that it is being run "as a Door" from
              another program.  Behavior is, at best, unpredictable.

bink
              Tells Citadel that it has been called from a "front-end"
              such as BinkleyTerm.  When this parameter is used, the
              modem initialization routines are completely bypassed,
              and when the caller logs out, control is passed back to
              the supervisory batchfile with an exit-level of 0.  It is
              up to you to construct your batchfile(s) to properly handle
              this.

lock
              Using this parameter will cause Citadel to ask for "Username"
              instead of bringing the caller to the "BaseRoom>" prompt
              when carrier is detected.  When this parameter is used,
              the caller is prompted for name, then password, and if
              the process fails, the caller is asked if he wants to apply
              for an account.  After the number of attempts at logging
              in specified by the #LOGTRY parameter (in CTDLCNFG.SYS) are
              exceeded, Citadel will hang-up on the caller.

private
              Same as "lock" however the caller is not given the option
              of applying for a new account.  This is for systems where
              tight security is desired.  Accounts must be "pre-created"
              by the sysop at the console.

netonly
              Brings up Citadel to ONLY accept an incoming call if it
              is a networking call.  Sends a "We are in networking" type
              of message to "human" callers.

noluck=n
             The number specified by n is the numeric code that your
              modem returns when you call out and get a BUSY signal.
              Most "Hayes-type" modems return a 7 in that case.  This is
              used during networking.

doormin=n
              The number specified by n is the number of minutes that your
              callers are permitted to spend in any given "door" program.
              This is NOT a "session limit" for doors.  Note, if this
              parameter is missing DOORS WILL NOT WORK.  Also, minimum
              value is 10.

rings=n
              The value of n is the number of rings before Citadel will
              tell your modem to answer the line.  If this parameter is
              not used, then your modem MUST be capable of ring-counting
              and auto-answering on its own.  If you use this parameter,
              then you should tell your modem to ignore rings by using
              the appropriate modem command (ATS0=0 for Hayes) in the
              #modemSetup command (CTDLCNFG.SYS).

dead=x,y
              This controls the AnytimeNet dial-out timeframes. The
              value of x determines how long Citadel will wait between
              calls before attempting an AnytimeNet session.  The value
              of y determines the length of the session.  Both values
              are in minutes.

color=x,y
              This sets up the colors for the text and screen at Console
              when #ANSICONSOLE is set to 0 in CTDLCNFG.SYS.  Note that
              this option MAY not be available beginning with release
              version 6.02 or newer.

coltb=a,b,c,d,e
              Param "coltb=a,b,c,d" added to control ANSI color assignment.
              The assignment levels are (roughly) as follows:
                a: message texts, system announcements and major (non-room)
                   prompts particularly for nonexpert users, one of the
                   introductory (optional logtext.00#) files
                b: the console standby screen (FKEYS.BLB), mail> notification
                   at login, display of rooms with new messages, expanded
                   descriptions in file directories, message headers, most
                   of the help files, room prompts for mail> and aide>,
                   known hidden rooms.
                c: HELPOPT.HLP when called by ".h?", terse file directory
                   listings, all room prompts except for mail> and aide>,
                   list of known directory rooms (.kd), nodes on the net (.m),
                   known public rooms, rooms with no new messages.
                d: Known zapped/forgotten rooms.
                e: Color of FKEYS.BLB (if present)
              Experiment here to find something that looks good on your
              monitor.  Usage is as follows:

              The letters (a, b, c, and d) should be replaced with SINGLE DIGIT
              numbers in accordance with the following color-code assignment:
                       0=BLACK     1=RED        2=GREEN    3=BROWN
                       4=BLUE      5=MAGENTA    6=CYAN     7=WHITE
              These are the ONLY permissable values for this parameter.
              A typical example use of the parameter might be "coltb=2,1,4,5,2",
              which is, incidentally, the DEFAULT setting if you leave this
              parameter out.  This parameter controls the colors you, as well
              as the modem user, will see (provided you use the #ANSICONSOLE
              value of 1 (in CTDLCNFG.SYS) to activate ANSI color for your console
              and provided, obviously, that the caller has set his ANSI flag ON
              using the ".ECG" command in his user configuration).

altlink=name
              String used as "name" will be placed into the NameField of a
              message integrated from an alternate network.  See notes
              that accompany CITAGATE for more details.  This should NEVER
              be used as a parameter in your normal operation, but ONLY
              in conjunction with the CITAGATE utility.

noringer
              Turns off the computer speaker sound-effect when the modem
              line rings.

nonoise
              Turns off the "exploding windows" sound effects.

+noinit
              Brings up Citadel normally but WITHOUT modem initialization.
              Assumes a user is already online.  This is usually used
              after a user returns from a "door."

+doors
              Same as "+noinit" BUT forces Citadel to a special exitlevel
              (ERRORLEVEL 8) so that you can use an external program to
              reboot your machine.  This was used with earlier versions
              of Citadel (pre-FOSSIL) that had a problem hanging up the
              phone properly after some doors were used.  You should not
              have to use this with V6.01 or newer, but it is available
              "just in case."

+recover
              Using this parameter will cause Citadel to generate a message
              into the Aide> room stating that the system crashed and that
              the date/time of the message was the date/time of the crash.
              See the sample RUNBBS.BAT file that comes with the full release
              filesets for an example of how to use this.

CAUTION:  You should use ONLY the BARE MINIMUM number of parameters to support
          your use of the BBS.  Remember that DOS places a limit on the
          length of a command-line, and also that strange things happen
          with more than nine parameters.  You can use more than nine, but
          you first had best be an expert in the use of the BATCH "shift"
          command.